Disallow NOASSERTION for NTIA checks (#26)
google/sbom-conformance: README.md

A PDF of the specification can be found in https://www.ntia.doc.gov/files/ntia/publications/sbom_minimum_elements_report.pdf. The checker in this library verifies the minimum required "Data Fields", but not the minimum required "Automation Support" or the minimum required "Practices and Processes".

> This checker does not consider `NOASSERTION` to be valid for the Version, Supplier, or Relationships checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This checker considers `NOASSERTION` to be invalid for the Version, Supplier, or Relationships checks.
```

nit

Author: Done.

Note that the `relationshipType` is not considered. In the case that a package has no relationships, `NONE` can be used for `spdxElementId` or for `relatedSpdxElement`, and the check will pass for the package.

This is one interpretation of the NTIA specification. It differs from the SPDX intepretation ([defined here](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v2.3/how-to-use/#k2-satisfying-ntia-minimum-elements-for-an-sbom-using-spdx)), possibly because this library's intepretation does not factor in documents such as [Framing Software Component Transparency: Establishing a Common Software Bill of Material (SBOM)](https://www.ntia.gov/files/ntia/publications/framingsbom_20191112.pdf).

#### Name

This refers to the "Component Name" data field in the NTIA specification. It is a package-level check that passes if the [Name](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v2.3/package-information/#71-package-name-field) field is present and non-empty.

#### Version

> This refers to the "Version of the Component" data field in the NTIA specification. It is a package-level check that passes if all of the following are true for the [Version](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v2.3/package-information/#73-package-version-field) field: it is present, not empty, and not `NOASSERTION`.

Reviewer: nit: maybe put these in bullet form otherwise, just inline (e.g. Package level check that passes if the version field is present, not empty, and not `NOASSERTION`)

Author: Converted these to bullet form.

#### Supplier

> This refers to the "Supplier Name" data field in the NTIA specification. It is a package-level check that passes if all of the following are true for the [Package Supplier](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v2.3/package-information/#75-package-supplier-field) field: it is present, not empty, and not `NOASSERTION`.

Reviewer: same as above

Author: Converted these to bullet form.
